1. Identify the entities and their attributes. Show the entities and attributes generated
by AI tools and manually review them to determine their accuracy.
2. Construct a data model/ Relational Database model.
3. Normalize the data model to third normal form (3NF).
4. Draft a data dictionary.

Assignment Part-B
A. Create a MySQL file representing your data dictionary from step 4 (Assignment part A).
Name it <student.ID> definition.SQL.
B. Prepare another file <student.ID>Tasks.SQL that performs the following tasks:
1. Write an SQL query to add 10 different devices, including smartphones, laptops,
tablets, and MP3 players, to the database.
2. Create an SQL query to insert details of 3 customers, including their names, addresses,
and phone numbers, into the database. One of the customers should be you.
3. Write an SQL query to register 6 employees, specifying their names, IDs, dates of
joining, hourly wages, and roles (technician, receptionist, etc.).
4. Develop an SQL query to record at least two repair entries for each customer,
capturing details such as reference number, repair date, and problem description.
5. Create an SQL query to update the model of the 5th device to a new model (Your
current mobile phone model).
6. Write an SQL query to change the phone number of the 3rd customer to your phone
number.
7. Develop an SQL query to insert a new customer into the database with your
instructor's details.
8. Write an SQL query to show all repairs carried out for the 2nd customer, including
reference numbers, repair dates, and problem descriptions.
9. Create an SQL query to retrieve the names of customers who had repairs involving
"Battery Replacement."
10. Develop an SQL query that uses JOIN to display customer names along with the total
count of repairs each customer has had.
11. Write an SQL query that utilizes JOIN to list all devices repaired for customers (yours
details).
12. Develop an SQL query that combines JOIN and sub-query to display the names of
employees who have completed repairs with a total cost exceeding $50.
13. Write an SQL query with JOIN to list the names of customers who have never had a
repair involving "Screen Replacement."
14. Create an SQL query with a sub-query to identify the most common device type based
on repair frequency and list all customers who own that type of device.
